chore: fix the acronyms BE and CE (#942)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/upgrade-to-business-edition/kubernetes.md

# Kubernetes

> The Appsmith Business Edition (BE) Helm chart installation includes support for Horizontal Pod Auto Scaling (HPA), which allows Appsmith pods to scale automatically based on the current load. Additionally, this means that Appsmith pods are managed using a Kubernetes _deployment_ resource instead of a _stateful-set_ resource. Follow this guide to upgrade from the Appsmith Community Edition (CE) to the Appsmith Business Edition (BE) installed on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Appsmith Business Edition (BE) Helm chart installation supports Horizontal Pod Auto Scaling (HPA), allowing Appsmith pods to scale automatically based on the current load. Additionally, this means that Appsmith pods are managed using a Kubernetes _deployment_ resource instead of a _stateful-set_ resource. Follow this guide to upgrade the Kubernetes installation from Community Edition (CE) to Business Edition (BE).
```

Author: The page is already about Kubernetes, so adding Kubernetes installation is unnecessary.
